HSEARCH-4142 Identifier projection (#2480)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/search-dsl-projection.asciidoc

NOTE: The entity does not get loaded as part of the projection.
If you want the actual entity instance, use the <<search-dsl-projection-entity,`entity` projection>>

> == `id`: return ids to matched entities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== `id`: return identifiers of matched entities 
```

> The `id` projection returns the id to the matched entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `identifier` projection returns the identifier of the matched entity.
```

> The API allows to express the expected entity type of the returning ids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the provided identifier type does not match the type of identifiers for targeted entity types,
an exception will be thrown.
See also <<search-dsl-projected-value-type>>.
```

> NOTE: If the provided identifier type does not match the type of identifiers for targeted entity types,
> an exception will be thrown.
> See also <<search-dsl-projected-value-type>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

====
[source, JAVA, indent=0, subs="+callouts"]
----
include::{sourcedir}/org/hibernate/search/documentation/search/projection/ProjectionDslIT.java[tags=id-int]
----
====

> 

Reviewer: Please use a structure similar to the documentation of the `field` projection:

```suggestion
You can omit the "identifier type" argument, but then you will get projections of type `Object`:

```

====

> You can omit the "identifier type" argument, but then you will get projections of type `Object`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the provided identifier type does not match the type of identifiers for targeted entity types,
an exception will be thrown. See also <<search-dsl-projected-value-type>>. 

You can omit the "identifier type" argument, but then you will get projections of type `Object`:
```

[source, JAVA, indent=0, subs="+callouts"]
----
include::{sourcedir}/org/hibernate/search/documentation/search/projection/ProjectionDslIT.java[tags=id-object]
----
====

> NOTE: If the provided identity type does not match the current returned ids,
> an exception will be thrown.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
